README: Update meeting times (#618)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api-provider-aws: README.md

### Implementer office hours

> Maintainers hold office hours every fortnight, with sessions open to al

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Maintainers hold office hours every fortnight, with sessions open to all
```

Reviewer: I'm not necessarily against the use of the word fortnight here, but I do wonder if it's not common enough terminology compared to `biweekly`

Author: The British have been eliminated.

developers working on this project.

> Office hours are hosted on a zoom video chat every 2 Mondays

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Office hours are hosted on a zoom video chat every other Monday
```
